remember the YouTube ads feed the
deficit
okay July the 16th the chicken aid
update here these are the ten that
hatched three weeks ago and we're going
to take them out and put them in the pan
because it's just too hot in the house
back part of the house here and it's
time to go in there Chicken Shack sliced
duck shot with the other four okay we're
introducing two roosters to the hands
and
the hands
look like they're not too happy
Oh
[Applause]
the baby rooster here wants to follow
the hand around well maybe he's an
ancient mother who knows
there's only three weeks between these
birds so hopefully we're not going to
have a problem
now let's go get some more okay we just
brought out two more roosters and so far
their hands that her not have any
problems
the rooster just charged the hand
you know these young hands are a couple
of packs but I'm going ballistic alumni
also we remember that these hands these
four hands are still going through shell
shock from being free all right that's
real good some more okay so the four
hands seem to have no problem with the
ten younger chickens we've introduced to
them the joints free we clean them so a
couple packs but no wonder how many days
will take with these guys to uh realm
anyway so that's the chicken egg update
on the a the chicken eggs that we
hatched ourselves from the meat birds
are left over from last year